hello YouTube my name is Arcadia and I
guarantee you looking at the screen
you're like what the hell am I looking
at there's no way well guess what
everyone there is a way you are looking
at here 12 from the fire land for wow
this is an elemental Odin okay well not
this is a shaman who I turned into
elemental and he it surprised me I came
on the PTR to create a video for someone
that asked for some elemental shaman pvp
and I did not have an elemental shaman
at the time because my brother came on
left it up so I had to create I did you
know copy a new one so I copied one and
because it was lagging because it was
loading I logged in and waited and when
I came on i had tr12 I was as shocked as
you are right now believe me I am just
like whoa what the hell and believe me
it's not just a shaman it's all of the
classes to the right which we will you
know happily go through now I recently
got a new desktop so i had to download
my PTR i had to redownload BTR because I
got a new desktop for graduation and so
they took me a little while to load but
instead of me rambling on about my life
why don't we get right into going
through these different classes and you
know deciding whether we like them or
not shall we so first I'll fee of the
shaman honestly I like it the only thing
I might change would be the head I don't
really like the crown
I'd rather it be some sort of masked or
something but hey you know it is it's
badass I'm not gonna lie the weapon and
not as badass but the shield this is
definitely the sickest I've seen in
a long time the weapon nice dagger also
I'll admit that it's a nice dagger but
overall you know all the flaming and
everything it's pretty bad as I like it
I like it you know I love shaman so I
think I'm gonna be happy with that so
that is you know the LA or this is the
steer 12 of a shaman next up we have the
priest now as you guys can figure out
because this is the Firelands raid
everything is going to have fire on it
you know that's just or something to
that source so you guys are going to
kind of you know have to be used to that
the priest this isn't too bad the
shoulders are I they fit it on the face
the coif I don't mind it too much like I
like the back this part right here but
this front part that's covering up the
face I don't really like that all the
mutt all that much but I mean I'd deal
with it like I really i mean that's fine
like it's okay um and then I wish the
belt kind of matched but it doesn't but
anyway that's you know it's pretty it's
pretty nice I like it I like it um so
that's you know the priest it's pretty
pretty epic if I say so myself next up
we have the druid holy this is the
first time I've looked at this the same
way you guys believe me this is the
shoulder face mask I'm sure feral druids
with this it's going to be epic as
you know you're gonna absolutely rape
but so far that's probably the
coolest why not
see so this is our tr12 for our druids
next up we have our mage whoa very
orange and shiny and cool i like it
especially like this mask it's like the
headgear it's like a feather you know
that's pretty epic and this blades
pretty epic to you know pleasures doing
well I like it man some of them could be
changed a little bit but overall I'm
digging them I'm digging them this is
our tr12 for our mage you guys I like it
you know I'm digging it I'm digging it
next up our death knight whoa butterfly
it's the first thing that came into my
head when I saw this man a butterfly
because the helmet i like it like it's
sick of it's awesome but it's too
butterfly like I mean but that's okay
you know some people like that this is
our death knight yes I made them a gnome
because gnomes are sexy so this is our
death knight you know I like it i
play hunter whoa that's very very cool
man that's like very devilish just sick
I like this although I prefer bows ever
crossbows are gone but I dude that's
fine but I could deal with it okay
yeah that's pretty epic I like that
that's pretty badass pretty badass
that's our hunter art is bow for our
hunter a warlock they basically copied
the same designs that they usually do
where you know with the skulls and
making it all look called it's still
badass I still like it that's pretty
cool but you know I think they could get
a bit more into it but overall it's
pretty badass
you know okay i have to lie this is the
coolest shield I've ever seen man it's
got the scholars like lavas dripping
down it then the swords my oh this is
this is a warrior you guys this is for
all you warriors out there tr12 from the
Firelands raid this is epic you know I'm
digging it digging it like all
right so this is our tr12 for all of our
classes now I'm probably gonna try out
each of these in pvp you know give them
a shot see what you know what the damage
is like em you know I'll probably record
a couple of games and put them up on
youtube but if there anything specific
you guys wouldn't see if you want to see
specific battlegrounds I will you know
record just those current battlegrounds
if if you guys want to see a specific
you know type of character like maybe a
frost mage or an arcane mage or fire
mage or you know a balance druid or
something like that tell me whatever you
guys want I will get it done even if it
requires you know and if you all
end up on it you know a paladin or rogue
tell me that too and I'll get those for
you usually you just tell me what you
want and I'll get them done but this was
the you know basic lowdown of our tier
12-4
world of warcraft this has been our
katie is giving you guys to sneak
preview of tr12 for World of Warcraft I
hope you guys enjoyed this if you have
anything comment rate and subscribe I
hope you guys enjoyed this I'll be
seeing you later